Skip to content
Search or jump to…
Pull requests
Issues
Marketplace
Explore
 
@ajaykumarvarma 
ajaykumarvarma
/
my-webprogramming-lab-tasks-
Public
1
00
Code
Issues
Pull requests
Actions
Projects
Wiki
Security
Insights
Settings
my-webprogramming-lab-tasks-/web programming lab1.txt
@ajaykumarvarma
ajaykumarvarma Add files via upload
Latest commit 9641c55 18 days ago
 History
 1 contributor
102 lines (75 sloc)  4.51 KB
   
1)what is web programming?
ans)
Web programming refers to the writing, markup and coding involved in Web development, which includes Web content, Web client and server scripting and network security. The most common languages used for Web programming are XML, HTML, JavaScript, Perl 5 and PHP. Web programming is different from just programming, which requires interdisciplinary knowledge on the application area, client and server scripting, and database technology
 
2)what is full form of Html ? What is present version Hof Html?
ans) Html full form-Hyper text markup language
      and present version is html5
 
3)How do we write the code in html?
ans)STEPS:-
1)Open Notepad
2)Write Some HTML
3)Save the HTML Page With .html or .htm extension
4)View the HTML Page in Your Browser
 
 
4)What is difference between lan,wan,man?
ans)
 
Lan:-LAN stands for local area network
LAN’s ownership is private.
The transmission speed of a LAN is high.
The propagation delay is short in a LAN.
LAN’s design and maintenance is easy.
 
Man:
MAN stands for metropolitan area network
MAN’s ownership can be private or public.
While the transmission speed of a MAN is average.
There is a moderate propagation delay in a MAN.
While MAN’s design and maintenance is difficult than LAN.
 
 
Wan:-
 
WAN stands for wide area network.
While WAN also might not be owned by one organization.
Whereas the transmission speed of a WAN is low.
Whereas, there is a long propagation delay in a WAN.
Whereas WAN’s design and maintenance is also difficult than LAN as well MAN.
 
 
 
 
5)what is difference between physical and logical address?
ans)
LOGICAL ADDRESS:-
basic- generated by CPU
Logical Address Space is set of all logical addresses generated by CPU in reference to a program.
User can view the logical address of a program
The user can use the logical address to access the physical address.
 
 
PHYSICAL ADDRESS:-
location in a memory unit
Physical Address is set of all physical addresses mapped to the corresponding logical addresses.
User can never view physical address of program.
Computed by MMU(Memory Management Unit)
The user can indirectly access physical address but not directly.
 
 
6)What are h1,h2,h3,h4,h5,h6 in html?
ans) HTML headings can be defined with the <h1> to <h6> tags, where the size of the text varies as per the number of heading. The highest level is h1. It can be used to represent the main heading. While h6 being the least level is used to define the least important heading.
 
7)How many types of tags are there in html?listout them into categories?
ans) 
1)Basic HTML Tags
2)Formatting HTML Tags
3)Forms and Input Tags
4)Frame Tags
5)Images Tags
6)Audio/Video Tags
7)Link Tags
8)List Tags
9)Table Tags
10)Style and Semantic Tags
11)Programming Tags
12)Meta Tags
 
8)What is  webpage?what are different kinds of webpages?
ans) Web Page
web page is a document available on world wide web. Web Pages are stored on web server and can be viewed using a web browser.
 
A web page can cotain huge information including text, graphics, audio, video and hyper links. These hyper links are the link to other web pages.
 
Collection of linked web pages on a web server is known as website. There is unique Uniform Resource Locator (URL) is associated with each web page.
 
Types:-
Static web pages are also known as flat or stationary web page. They are loaded on the client’s browser as exactly they are stored on the web server. Such web pages contain only static information. User can only read the information but can’t do any modification or interact with the information.
 
Static web pages are created using only HTML. Static web pages are only used when the information is no more required to be modified.
 
dynamic:-
Dynamic web page shows different information at different point of time. It is possible to change a portaion of a web page without loading the entire web page. It has been made possible using Ajax technology.
 
Server-side dynamic web page
It is created by using server-side scripting. There are server-side scripting parameters that determine how to assemble a new web page which also include setting up of more client-side processing.
 
9)what is a website?
ans)A website is a collection of publicly accessible, interlinked Web pages that share a single domain name. Websites can be created and maintained by an individual, group, business or organization to serve a variety of purposes.
 
Together, all publicly accessible websites constitute the World Wide Web.
© 2021 GitHub, Inc.
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Docs
Contact GitHub
Pricing
API
Training
Blog
About
